# Web Scraping Google Search Results

There are three different versions of codes where all three of them serve to acquire and store the number of search results obtained from self-generated google queries. To be more specific, the queries are clauses in the form of 

```
"I am [adjective] because I [verb]" 
```

while the adjectives and verbs come from adjectives.txt and verbs.txt. The number of search results are then stored in respective results.txt files.

## Getting Started

To run any of the python files, simply:

'''
python main.py adjectives.txt verbs.txt
'''

## main.py

This program first generates queries in the form of

'''
"I am [adjective] because "
'''

where the adjectives come from adjectives.txt. Then it takes the google suggestions for the above query and google their search results respectively. The number of search results are then stored in results_main.txt. Next, the program generates queries in the form of:

```
"I am [adjective] because I [verb]" 
```

where the adjectives and verbs are taken from adjectives.txt and verbs.txt. The queries are then being searched on google, and the number of search results generated using the clauses are recorded in results_main.txt also. Note there is an example file for results_main.txt, and it was generated by running main.py and stopping it after a few hours.

### Prerequisites

What things you need to install the software and how to install them

```
Give examples
```

### Installing

A step by step series of examples that tell you how to get a development env running

Say what the step will be

```
Give the example
```

And repeat

```
until finished
```

End with an example of getting some data out of the system or using it for a little demo


## Acknowledgments

The get_num_searches(query) function in class Google was taken from https://github.com/infinitecold/EntityElection.git.
